initial group description (#1)
rust-lang/project-const-generics: CHARTER.md

# Const Generics Charter

The goal of this group is to both improve and extend the support for const generics.

## Goals

Improving the user experience when using and working on const generics. This includes both improvements to diagnostics for the already stabilized parts as well as adding new features:

- const param defaults `struct Foo<const N: usize = 3>`
- more const param types, most importantly user defined types and `&'static str`
- allowing complex generic operations in constants

## Constraints And Considerations

> At least in the near future we will mostly just the 4 items mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At least for the near future, we will mostly focus on the items mentioned above.
```

Author: thx
